♪ exciting rock music ♪
[Goku] Somebody powerful's
headed this way. Is it Piccolo?
I haven't seen him
since we fought
at the World Martial Arts
Tournament five years ago.
[yelling]
Somehow I managed to beat him.
Maybe he's spent the last
five years training
and now he's hunting me
down to take his revenge!
No! It's not Piccolo!
But who is it?
[Narrator] Yes, who is this
fearsome stranger?
And what does he want with
Goku? Find out, now!
The Enemy is Goku's Brother?!
The Secret of the Mighty
Saiyan Warriors!
He- He has a tail! Just like
Gohan. Just like I did!
That's right.. Very good, you've
finally realized who I am.
I have?.. What are you--?.. I...
I don't know what
you're talking about!
Come here!
Kakarot...
Have you been on
this planet so long
that you've forgotten
even that?
My memory is fine. And you
can quit calling me this
'Kaka'-whatever it
is you're saying..
My name is Goku!
What has happened to you...?
Daddy!
Gohan! Stay back!
Hey! Tell me.. Did you
ever suffer any serious
blows to the head
when you were young?
What?
[Raditz] Are you stupid, too?
I'm asking, did you ever hit
your head when you were a kid?!
Now answer me!
Yes!
But..it..was when I
was really little,
I don't remember
anything about it.
I see.. that explains it.
Explains what?!..
What do you mean?!
[Roshi] Goku!
There's something.. your
grandfather told me once
that I think you should know...
[Roshi] A long time ago, your
grandpa Gohan was walking
through the woods when he came
upon a strange object that
appeared to have
fallen from the sky.
When he went to examine it
more closely, he found a baby
boy with a tail, sealed
inside a little round pod.
Gohan decided to take the child
home and raise him as his own.
But the boy had an
angry, violent nature,
and before long the old
man was at his wits' end.
Then one day, there was
a terrible accident.
The child fell into a deep
ravine and hit his head.
The injury was nearly fatal.
But somehow, miraculously,
the boy survived.
What's more, after that,
he was no longer violent.
From that day on, he became
a happy, loving boy.
The boy was me, wasn't it?
Yes...
But if that's true, then
what does it mean?..
Are you saying that
Goku and this guy have
some kind of connection? How
is that even... possible!
Yeah.. It's time you did some
explaining.. First--who are you?
Let's start at the
top... The truth is..
you're not of this
world, Kakarot.
You were born on a distant
planet called Vegeta..
home of the Saiyan race,
the most powerful warriors in
the universe. You are one of us!
Huh?!
And as for your other
question, my name's Raditz.
I'm your brother!
No way.. Goku.. has a brother?!
It's..gotta be some..
kinda joke...!
If it is, it's not funny.
It's crazy!.. If Goku's really
an alien like he says,
what's he doing on Earth?
It's not hard to understand..
Kakarot was sent to this world
with a simple mission not
long after he was born;
to destroy every human
being on the planet.
What?!
We Saiyans may be a
proud warrior race...
but we're also businessmen.
[Raditz] We scour the universe
in search of planets
with habitable environments,
and then use our skills
to eliminate the
native life forms.
Once cleared, the
planets are then sold
to any alien race that's
willing to pay the price.
For those planets whose
inhabitants have high power
levels, adult Saiyans are sent
in to subdue the territory.
But to planets like this one,
whose life forms are
pathetic and weak,
we send our infants.
This is how you came to be
here,
Kakarot. Even by yourself,
a year or two was more
than enough time
to liquidate these
human pests...
You could have done it easily,
if you hadn't lost your memory.
Especially considering the
massive size of the moon here.
Hey.. what're you
talking about?
What does the moon have
to do with anything?
Don't play dumb!..
You must know!
You've lived on this planet your
entire life! The full moon
is key to unlocking a
Saiyan's true potential!
[roar]
Maybe I am dumb, because you
still aren't making any sense!
Huh?.. What the -?!
Kakarot...! Your tail...!
Uh... excuse me?
What happened to your tail?
That?.. It got cut off a long
time ago. What's it matter?
You fool! How could you
let that happen?..
Do you even know
what you've done?
That explains how you've
been able to fit in
so well with these
miserable humans.
That's enough! Even
if it is true,
and I'm some kinda alien
from another planet..
or even if you really
are my older brother..
It doesn't matter, anyone
who'd do the horrible things
you say is no brother of mine!
My name is Goku..
and this is my home...
And you're not welcome here!
[Bulma] Tell 'em, Goku!
That's right, you heard the
man!.. Whatever his past..
Goku is one of us now.
In fact, he's a better human
being than any of us!
He saved the entire
world before!
Would an alien warrior do
that?.. I don't think so!
I'm afraid it will take
more than shouting
to convince me to leave.
Powerful though we are, we
Saiyans have never been
strong in number...What's more,
our proud race was almost wiped
out entirely when a giant meteor
struck our home Planet Vegeta.
[explosion]
There weren't any survivors.
Everyone was vaporized.
That includes our mother
and father, Kakarot.
Counting you, there
are only four left
in the universe who are
of Saiyan descent.
I was away on assignment with
another of our warriors
when the meteor hit.. We lived.
A third Saiyan also
survived. He'd been sent
to conquer a distant planet,
just like you were.
Recently, we happened
upon an inhabited world
that we think could
fetch us a nice price.
But there's just
one tiny problem..
Even with all three of us,
it won't be an easy fight.
And that's where you
come into the picture,
my long lost little brother.
Your power level is lower than
I
would have liked.. but even so,
the four of us together should
be able to manage just fine.
Stay away from me!.. Back off!
Kakarot..Can't you see?!
Open your eyes!
You were born for this!
I'm scared!
That's ridiculous!
You can forget it!
I'd die before I joined a gang
of ruthless pirates like you.
Really?
[scared crying]
You know, there's something
I've been wondering.
Is that your son?.. The brat
behind the blue-haired woman?
No! it isn't!
You can't fool me.
That boy has Saiyan blood..
It's no use trying
to hide it from me.
I can see his tail from here.
What if he does?.. Huh?!
I wanted to reason with you,
but I can see you don't know
what's best for your son..
So.. I'm afraid I'm going to
have to take him with me.
Hold it!
Don't you take one step closer
to my son--I'm warning you!
[kick]
Daddy!
Daddy! Get up!
[Raditz] Not so fast!
Gohan!
So like I said.. I'll
be taking your son...
And if you want to see
him alive again..
you'll do what your big
brother tells you.
We're family.. So I'll
give you 24 hours
to think about my offer...
The choice is yours..
But for your son's sake, I
hope you decide to join us.
Still.. You should show me a
gesture of your allegiance.
Let's see... Oh, I think
I know just the thing..
You're going to
annihilate one hundred
human beings by this
time tomorrow.
It should be an easy job once
you set your mind to it.
Just stack them here
on the beach...
What?!
I can't wait to see which fate
you've chosen for
your son, Kakarot.
Now try not to worry.. I won't
hurt my nephew unless I have to.
Put me down, please put me down!
Gohan.,.
Daddy, please help me!...
Just in case you
missed anything,
I'll say it one more time.
If you want your boy back,
you'll eliminate one hundred
humans and bring them here,
before I return in 24 hours.
[grunting in pain]
If you do... I'll give the
boy back and you can join
our team... but of course if
I find out you're even a
single human short,
your son's mine...
[Krillin] You coward! He's just
a kid! Leave him out of this!
Yeah!.. That's right!
And besides.. It won't work!
It doesn't matter what you do
Goku would never hurt anyone!
Oh.. I see...Then if you're
willing to let this one go,
I can take him right
now and Kakarot
doesn't have to get
his hands dirty.
Suit yourself. Your days
are numbered anyway..
Every creature on this planet
will soon be exterminated ...
Once we've completed our current
mission.. with or without
Kakarot's help... we'll be
back to conquer Earth.
You.. you will?
Ha ha ha ha. Of course, it'll
only be the three of us against
billions and billions
of humans...Even so,
I'm sure we can finish the
job in under a month.
Did you catch all of
that, Kakarot?..
Struggle all you want.. You
know the only way out of this
is to join me and the
rest of the Saiyans.
Give me back my boy!
Hmhmhm hm. When I come back
here tomorrow for your
decision...The word I
want to hear is.. Yes.
For your son's sake, you
shouldn't try to fight back.
Your power level is nothing
compared to a real Saiyan's...
And you're definitely no match
for your older brother!
Daddy!
I'll be looking forward to
tomorrow, Kakarot! See you then!
Gohan!
Daddy, nooo! Help me, Daddy!
Goku, are you okay?
I'm sorry.. I wish we
could've done something,
but he was just too strong!
Goku?
Nim...bus!
Goku!.. Think about
what you're doing!.. Wait!
[Bulma[ You can't fight him like
this! You're hurt!
[Goku] I know, but..
what am I supposed to do?
[Roshi] Think! There must be
something!
[Bulma] Steady, now!
Hard to believe.. After all
this time you find out you
have a brother.. too bad he
turned out to be such a creep.
So what do we do now?...
How do we even compete against
that kinda strength...?
His tail.
That's it. That's
his weak spot...
If I can grab it somehow...
it'll drain his power...
At least that's how..
it worked for me.
But.. can you?.. I mean,
you really think you can get
close enough to grab his tail?
[Piccolo] It's useless. You
can't win.
[Everyone] Piccolo!
♪ tense music ♪
[Piccolo] In case you didn't
notice,
his power level is nothing
short of extraordinary.
Far higher than
ours. You're a fool
if you think you can beat
him alone... However...
If we were to team up,
combine our strengths,
and face him together, then
perhaps... there's hope.
Hold on.. This isn't like you.
Why would you suddenly
offer to help me?
Don't get me wrong...This
is business..
I have no interest in helping
you play the hero again...
I care even less what
happens to your son.
I just don't want that alien
monster interfering..
with my conquest
of this planet!
So here's the deal... I'll
join you as long as it takes
to defeat these
Saiyan warriors.
Of course, as soon as
we're finished with that,
I plan to crush
you like a bug...
Then continue my plans
for world domination!
[Goku] That won't happen.
I'll make sure of it.
Still, the part about teaming
up is actually a good idea.
It might be crazy.. but you're
right.. It's the only way.
Then we're agreed.. We'll
just have to deal with it.
♪ rhythmic music ♪
Teaming up with Goku..
I only hope I can suppress
my urge to vomit.
Bulma, I need to borrow your
Dragon Radar for a little while.
[Bulma] Sure, okay!
Hey, Piccolo.. Do you think
you're gonna be able
to keep up with my
Flying Nimbus?
Hah! Your silly little flying
cloud may work for you,
but my own travel method
is a bit more advanced.
[Gohan] Let me out! Please,
just let me out!
Now then.
That's strange.. My Scouter's
giving me a warning...
A power level of seven hundred
and ten...?! And it's close...!
[crying]
So that's it..
It's malfunctioning. That
almost gave me a scare...
[Goku] We're getting close. We
should try to sneak up on him!
[Piccolo] That won't work.
The direct approach is best.
He's wearing some sort
of sensing device...
It seems to tell him where
his enemies are located...
and even gives some indication
of their strength.
So.. he might already know
we're coming after him?
I can almost guarantee he does.
Okay, then.. I guess that means
we don't have any other choice
but to attack him head-on!
Again?
Same reading as before...
Stupid scouter!
[Raditz] Two more readings! And
they're both headed this way!
Yes.. they're fast!.. Power
levels of three hundred
and twenty two,.. and three
hundred and thirty four.
The larger one--that reading
is the same as Kakarot's...
But it couldn't be him.. could
it?... No, there's no way
he's stupid enough to
think he could defeat me.
And besides...He couldn't find
me, even if he wanted to.
I give up...This thing
is completely busted.
Impossible! He's here!
♪ fighting music ♪
How did you know
where to find me?
That is none of your business!
Fair enough... Alright.. then
I'll try a different question...
I'm curious...
What exactly do you two fools
think you're doing here?
[Goku] Isn't that obvious?! We
came to take my son back!
[Raditz] Let me get this
straight..
You mean you're one of
the last living Saiyans,
and you're refusing to join up
with the rest of your kind?
Yeah!.. That's exactly
what I mean!
You're actually going against
your older brother?
Like I said before--
you're no brother of mine!
Kakarot.
[Raditz] I always
thought you'd have
a little more sense than this.
That's enough.
I'm not interested in your
little "family squabbling"...
[Raditz] His power
level just jumped
to four hundred and eight!
I see you've still been wearing
your training weights
too, huh Piccolo?
Something tells
me I'm not going
to want to hold anything
back for this one...
[Raditz] Now Kakarot
is all the way up
to four hundred and sixteen.
[laughing]
You think that little increase
will be enough to beat me?
What?!
What fools you truly
are!.. Coming here with
those pitiful levels, thinking
you could take me on!
I can see I'm going to have to
put you both in your place...
[Goku] You go ahead and try!..
Just because you're stronger
than we are, that doesn't
mean we can't win!
You may have strength,
but we've got a strategy!
Then we'll see how long your
strategy keeps you alive...
I'm sorry, Brother.. but I was
thinking about my offer..
and I've changed my mind...
You'd probably just slow
the rest of us down.
You're a disgrace to all
Saiyans... Say goodbye!
♪ exciting music ♪
[Raditz] I know...Here in your
final moments..
why don't I tell you
a little secret.
The other two surviving Saiyan
warriors that I mentioned
earlier.. they both have power
levels even higher than mine!
[Narrator] What new terror is
this?!
Even if Goku and Piccolo
somehow
manage to defeat Raditz,
there are still two even
stronger Saiyans left to face!
Is all hope lost?
Find out next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[Goku] Hey, it's me,
Goku! Come on, Raditz!
Give me back my son, right
now! Don't make me hurt you!
[Piccolo] Wait, Goku! I have a
plan. You're going to have to
hold him somehow, and I'll hit
him with my strongest attack.
It's our only hope!
[Goku] Well, okay. I guess I
don't really have a choice, do
I
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z
Kai: A Life or Death Battle!
Goku and Piccolo's
Desperate Attack!
[Gohan] You leave my daddy
alone!